<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

- [CastConfigObject][1]
  - [Parameters][2]
- [CastAdsController][3]
  - [skipAd][4]
- [CastPlayer][5]
  - [Parameters][6]
  - [loadMedia][7]
    - [Parameters][8]
  - [getMediaInfo][9]
  - [ready][10]
  - [play][11]
  - [pause][12]
  - [reset][13]
  - [destroy][14]
  - [isLive][15]
  - [isDvr][16]
  - [seekToLiveEdge][17]
  - [getStartTimeOfDvrWindow][18]
  - [enableAdaptiveBitrate][19]
  - [isAdaptiveBitrateEnabled][20]
  - [getTracks][21]
    - [Parameters][22]
  - [getActiveTracks][23]
  - [selectTrack][24]
    - [Parameters][25]
  - [hideTextTrack][26]
  - [startCasting][27]
  - [isCastAvailable][28]
  - [stopCasting][29]
  - [getCastSession][30]
  - [ads][31]
  - [textStyle][32]
    - [Parameters][33]
  - [textStyle][34]
  - [currentTime][35]
    - [Parameters][36]
  - [currentTime][37]
  - [duration][38]
  - [volume][39]
    - [Parameters][40]
  - [volume][41]
  - [paused][42]
  - [ended][43]
  - [seeking][44]
  - [muted][45]
    - [Parameters][46]
  - [muted][47]
  - [src][48]
  - [poster][49]
  - [playbackRate][50]
  - [engineType][51]
  - [type][52]
  - [config][53]
  - [Type][54]
  - [isSupported][55]
  - [defaultConfig][56]

## CastConfigObject

Type: [Object][57]

### Parameters

- `receiverApplicationId` **[string][58]** Cast application id.
- `autoJoinPolicy` **[string][58]** Indicates if to join a running session on initialization. (optional, default `chrome.cast.AutoJoinPolicy.ORIGIN_SCOPED`)
- `liveEdgeThreshold` **[number][59]** Threshold from which you are not at the live edge. (optional, default `5`)
- `advertising` **[Object][57]** The advertising options. (optional, default `{vast:false}`)
  - `advertising.vast` **[boolean][60]** Whether using VAST ad tags (false means using VMAP ad tags). (optional, default `false`)

## CastAdsController

Cast Ads Controller.

### skipAd

Skips on an ad.

Returns **void**

## CastPlayer

**Extends BaseRemotePlayer**

Cast Sender Player.

### Parameters

- `config` **[CastConfigObject][61]** The cast configuration.
- `remoteControl` **RemoteControl** The remote control.

### loadMedia

Loads a media to the receiver application.

#### Parameters

- `mediaInfo` **ProviderMediaInfoObject** The entry media info.
- `options` **[Object][57]?** The request options. See [chrome.cast.media.LoadRequest][62]

Returns **[Promise][63]&lt;void>** Promise to indicate load succeed or failed.

### getMediaInfo

Gets the media Info.

Returns **ProviderMediaInfoObject** The media info.

### ready

The cast player readiness.

Returns **[Promise][63]&lt;any>** Promise which resolved when the cast player is ready.

### play

Start/resume playback.

Returns **void**

### pause

Pause playback.

Returns **void**

### reset

Stops and reset the cast player.

Returns **void**

### destroy

Destroys the cast player.

Returns **void**

### isLive

Returns **[boolean][60]** Whether the current playback is a live playback.

### isDvr

Returns **[boolean][60]** Whether the current live playback has DVR window. In case of non-live playback will return false.

### seekToLiveEdge

Seeks to the live edge.

Returns **void**

### getStartTimeOfDvrWindow

Returns **[number][59]** The start time of the DVR window.

### enableAdaptiveBitrate

Enables automatic adaptive bitrate switching.

Returns **void**

### isAdaptiveBitrateEnabled

Returns **[boolean][60]** Whether adaptive bitrate is enabled.

### getTracks

#### Parameters

- `type` **[string][58]?** Track type.

Returns **[Array][64]&lt;Track>** The cast player tracks.

### getActiveTracks

Returns **[Object][57]** The cast player active tracks.

### selectTrack

Select a certain track to be active.

#### Parameters

- `track` **Track** The track to activate.

Returns **void**

### hideTextTrack

Hides the active text track.

Returns **void**

### startCasting

Start casting.

Returns **[Promise][63]&lt;any>** A promise to indicate session is starting, or failed

### isCastAvailable

Returns **[boolean][60]** Whether casting is available.

### stopCasting

Stops the current cast session.

Returns **void**

### getCastSession

Gets the current remote session.

Returns **RemoteSession** The remote session.

### ads

Returns **[CastAdsController][65]** The cast ads controller.

### textStyle

Setter.

#### Parameters

- `style` **TextStyle** The text style to set.

Returns **void**

### textStyle

Getter.

Returns **TextStyle** The current text style.

### currentTime

Setter.

#### Parameters

- `to` **[number][59]** The number to set in seconds.

Returns **void**

### currentTime

Getter.

Returns **[number][59]** The current time in seconds.

### duration

Returns **[number][59]** The duration in seconds.

### volume

Setter.

#### Parameters

- `vol` **[number][59]** The volume to set in the range of 0-1.

Returns **void**

### volume

Getter.

Returns **[number][59]** The current volume in the range of 0-1.

### paused

Returns **[boolean][60]** Whether the cast player is in paused state.

### ended

Returns **[boolean][60]** Whether the cast player is in ended state.

### seeking

Returns **[boolean][60]** Whether the cast player is in seeking state.

### muted

Setter.

#### Parameters

- `mute` **[boolean][60]** The mute value to set.

Returns **void**

### muted

Getter.

Returns **[boolean][60]** The muted state.

### src

Returns **[string][58]** The current playing source url.

### poster

Returns **[string][58]** The current poster url.

### playbackRate

Returns **[string][58]** The current playback rate.

### engineType

Returns **[string][58]** The active engine type.

### type

Returns **[string][58]** The remote player type.

### config

Returns **[Object][57]** The runtime cast player config.

### Type

The remote player type.

Type: [string][58]

### isSupported

Returns **[boolean][60]** Whether the cast player is supported in the current runtime environment.

### defaultConfig

The default cast configuration.

Type: [Object][57]

[1]: #castconfigobject
[2]: #parameters
[3]: #castadscontroller
[4]: #skipad
[5]: #castplayer
[6]: #parameters-1
[7]: #loadmedia
[8]: #parameters-2
[9]: #getmediainfo
[10]: #ready
[11]: #play
[12]: #pause
[13]: #reset
[14]: #destroy
[15]: #islive
[16]: #isdvr
[17]: #seektoliveedge
[18]: #getstarttimeofdvrwindow
[19]: #enableadaptivebitrate
[20]: #isadaptivebitrateenabled
[21]: #gettracks
[22]: #parameters-3
[23]: #getactivetracks
[24]: #selecttrack
[25]: #parameters-4
[26]: #hidetexttrack
[27]: #startcasting
[28]: #iscastavailable
[29]: #stopcasting
[30]: #getcastsession
[31]: #ads
[32]: #textstyle
[33]: #parameters-5
[34]: #textstyle-1
[35]: #currenttime
[36]: #parameters-6
[37]: #currenttime-1
[38]: #duration
[39]: #volume
[40]: #parameters-7
[41]: #volume-1
[42]: #paused
[43]: #ended
[44]: #seeking
[45]: #muted
[46]: #parameters-8
[47]: #muted-1
[48]: #src
[49]: #poster
[50]: #playbackrate
[51]: #enginetype
[52]: #type
[53]: #config
[54]: #type-1
[55]: #issupported
[56]: #defaultconfig
[57]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
[58]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
[59]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
[60]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
[61]: #castconfigobject
[62]: https://developers.google.com/cast/docs/reference/chrome/chrome.cast.media.LoadRequest
[63]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise
[64]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
[65]: #castadscontroller
